i have a simple strategy to get you a
hundred thousand followers on instagram
that's right hundred thousand followers
it's so effective it didn't just help me
get a hundred thousand dollars heck it
got me even over two hundred thousand
followers
hey everyone i'm neil patel and today
i'm gonna break down my instagram
strategy that took me from zero to two
hundred and ninety thousand followers
i've been able to grow my instagram
account from literally nearly zero
followers to over 290 000 followers in
just about two years and i didn't even
send out an email blast to my list
saying follow me on instagram i just did
all the stuff that i'm going to present
in this video now here's what i want to
do as a community we all want to help
you grow so listen your instagram
profile below to hold yourself
accountable and list out your folder
account and what we're going to do is
we're going to break down all the things
that you need to do and i'll come and
check back in this 30 days from now to
see if you're actually doing it
so let's look at how things started back
for me back in 2019
back when i barely had any followers my
focus was just exploring which types of
content my audience would engage with
the most the interesting part is
that my number of followers immediately
started to increase once i started
putting out content seriously i just put
out content by far as increase i tried
and tested a few different things like
video stuff eventually carousel stuff
images and i tried several different
designs for my image-based quotes and i
tested a few different ways to showcase
my video content that i already
published on youtube
facebook and even linked it
i published my photos from my personal
life as well and then tested a few
different formats for stories
i tested promoting my blog content as
well and youtube videos and other links
in my stories as well and ultimately i
did one of the things that accelerated
my growth more substantially which was
doing partnerships with other
influencers what i learned is that few
types of content tend to really
outperform the others and really drive
more followers
so i immediately started doubling down
on one type of thing partnerships i
ignore the rest yes you still need to
post content consistently it needs to be
high in quality but what i really
learned was partnerships is what grew my
following more than anything else
i want you to go on instagram and
literally start hitting up people and
saying i want to do live interviews with
you it'll go live to my audience
and just say i want to do this with you
on a regular basis through instagram
what you'll find is when you go live yes
it notifies all your audience but their
audience starts carrying over and you
start getting some of their followers
too it's huge it's massive
and that's what i mean that's the number
one thing that's really helped grow my
following over the years literally do
live partnerships with other people if
you have 50 000 followers or 500
followers it doesn't matter when you go
live and you tell other people about it
a lot of them will want to go with you
because it's just like doing an
interview that's it that's all i did to
really grow my following it was the
number one strategy and what i tried
doing is i tried doing that at least
once a week
and when you do that once a week it will
start gaining you tons and tons of
follow but here's a little trick i did
that really excelled in my under my
growth see once you start doing that and
you start going from 500 to 1000 to a
few thousand followers
and even start getting to 5 10 000
followers then what i want you to do is
hit up other people who have more
popular pages that you know do
interviews within your region like maybe
interviews on entrepreneurship or design
or fashion or any of those cool things
and see if they want to interview you on
their channel so they would go live
bring you on a guest you'll promote it
from your channel and tell people to
join
and you just leave an image post and you
do a story post and tell people to join
so it helps them get more followers but
then it puts you more in the limelight
in their audience
and when you do that what it'll do is
it'll start bringing in way more of
their followers over to your profile
and as you start growing you start
hitting 15 20 000 plus followers then
what you do is you start interviewing
people on your channel when you go live
ask them to do the reciprocal in which
ask them to post a story on their
profile about your interview
let me know if you've tried this out
leave a comment try it out seriously it
works this is all i did to really grow
my polar account i still posted
i still you know did my stories in my
videos i still did my reels but what i
found that does the best is
these interviews these partnerships with
other instagram influencers with the
audience and hey maybe they may not
promote you hard or even do a story when
you first start and you barely have
followers but you'll get people on it's
a numbers game for every 50 people that
i hit up
four of them would say yes now you may
have a lower batting average than me and
that's okay but just do it and if you
hit up a hundred people a week you'll do
well this is a strategy that you need to
use if you want to get to a hundred
thousand two hundred thousand even a
half a million followers it takes time
it works they engage this is how you're
gonna do well on instagram and crush it
instead of just doing all the other
stuff that everyone tells you oh just
post yeah you're already trying to post
i'll do videos you're already doing
videos i'll do reels you're already
doing reels that stuff isn't going to
get you to where you want because
everyone else is doing that but very few
people are doing what i just talked
about if you need help with your social
media marketing check out my ad agency
np digital if you have any questions
leave a comment below i'm here to help
you out if you enjoyed the video like it
share it tell people about it thank you
for watching